Now it is time for us to define the second feature of object or in a programming which is polymorphism.
I would define it in a very high level manner and in the next two videos we will talk more about the
specifics.
So with that said polymorphism simply stays that you can have the same form with different behavior.
That is all nothing more nothing less.
So you can have two components which have the same form but behave differently.
Now there are two types of polymorphism one called static and another one called dynamic polymorphism
and static polymorphism two components that can be the same but have different behaviour are methods
so static polymorphism is on a method level meaning that we can do it within our concrete classes right
here we can do it in our abstract classes right here.
We can even do it in our interface but dynamic polymorphism is on a class level meaning that we need
our abstract classes or abstract class or our interface in order to perform dynamic polymorphism in
the next two videos we will explore more and see how we perform both static and dynamic polymorphism.